i) The challenge question you have chosen 

Challenge 4: How might we develop a digital tool that generates data-driven recommendations for urban hacking for Onaranlar, in order to sustain their impact under the pandemic conditions? 


ii) A description of your project/solution (1-2 paragraph description that includes its features, how it can be implemented to the existing business model etc.) 

SPOT IT - PIN IT - HACK IT! 
We have developed an urban hacking app for Onaranlar Kulübü which is an interactive map,
a platform for the Onaranlar community - and a showcase for its sponsors. 
Onaranlar had to suspend their urban explorations and creative workshops under the Covid-19 pandemic conditions. 
Onaranlar app will make super fun urban hacking projects and collective action possible again.
Here's how it works: The user takes a photo of the place they want to be hacked. They sign in, upload the photo to the app and pin it on the map. 
They can use iPhone app Measurement to enter the dimensions of the object to be hacked and post their ideas for hacks in the comment section. 
This "hackable" is open to votes from the community who can as well comment, 
upload a sketch or volunteer for its production - collectively deciding what to hack and how to do it.
It's then up to the Onaranlar team to select the ideas and plan the production stage. 
The team can either produce themselves or ask their volunteers to do so. 
Once the hack is modelled and produced, the team contacts the volunteer for its installation. 
Finally, the volunteer uploads the photo of the hack and the team marks the "hackable" as completed!
The Onaranlar team can pin and upload their previous projects to the app and make the STL open access. 
This will increase Onaranlar's visibility, geographical reach and the number of their potential sponsors. 


iii) How to install/run/setup your project/solution. 

We have done App design as well as website 
- First you can view the protoype which is in an MP4 file type as well as you can view the Adobe XD file,
  You're also provided with a presentation explaining the solution more, you will find all that in the link below
https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1eM7YvlXQAe_iWFab71cmDBK0SfKQvt7O?usp=sharing


